Anthony Martinez: Okay, I guess I just woke up tired.
Anthony Martinez: I'm not a morning person at all.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
Anthony Martinez: I don't know. I
Anthony Martinez: Can't even remember what I
Anthony Martinez: I don't what brings me here. I don't know.
Anthony Martinez: Just I guess problems I have
Anthony Martinez: Just
Anthony Martinez: I don't know, just urges. I don't know things from probably from boredom.
Anthony Martinez: Dropping i mean i after I retired. It's kind of hard to find things to do and
Anthony Martinez: I don't know, just terrible thoughts, sometimes
Anthony Martinez: I don't know, just
Anthony Martinez: I guess.
Anthony Martinez: It's kind of hard to say.
Anthony Martinez: You know I'm 69 years old I just turned 16 I don't even like to remember that my birthdays.
Anthony Martinez: No, I don't know. It just, I have from
Anthony Martinez: I guess from idle time is not good for me so I know it, and it means that I probably need to find something to do. So I don't have
Anthony Martinez: So much idle time
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of things do you like to do
Anthony Martinez: It's hard to explain, helping people i i was accounted for so many years.
Anthony Martinez: But
Anthony Martinez: I was just having problems, you know, just
Anthony Martinez: What's your title your counselor or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Am. Yes.
Anthony Martinez: You sometimes I think I'm already called Kleptomaniac. You ever heard of that club.
Anthony Martinez: Don't think I'm having problems.
Anthony Martinez: taking things from stores.
Anthony Martinez: That that's worrying me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that a direct result of you being bored and not having enough thing.
Anthony Martinez: But I think so. I think so.
Anthony Martinez: And
Anthony Martinez: You know, like he dropped one device and another vice pops up.
Anthony Martinez: Meaning, you know, I used to, I don't drink or anything, you know,
Anthony Martinez: And I'm taking
Anthony Martinez: The call it
Anthony Martinez: The medication. I'm taking a beautiful morphing
Anthony Martinez: The mega us. That's why I'm with bright heart because of the
Anthony Martinez: They took me off. And I was on Norco for like 15 years
Anthony Martinez: And they dropped me the, the new role new laws. You can't have that anymore. Right.
Right.
Anthony Martinez: I really put a damper on my life. Even worse, because I was so used to taking it, then they put me on this body. Say it one more time, morphine or I don't know what it's called.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up north
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, that really doesn't help, but
Anthony Martinez: I don't know. I guess it just, I don't even know what it's supposed to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have chronic pain.
Anthony Martinez: In my back.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, that's I have arthritis.
Anthony Martinez: I guess I don't know if it's helping but
Anthony Martinez: I guess it's better than nothing, not the Norco helped a lot.
Anthony Martinez: And it also
Anthony Martinez: It also not only helped with the pain and helped me
Anthony Martinez: It helped me with motivation.
Anthony Martinez: Got me up to do things. I was very active with it.
Anthony Martinez: And you know, I just felt more happier with it. It put a happy face on me.
Anthony Martinez: And without it, it's like God like this morning.
Anthony Martinez: If I was taken Norco I'd be in a real good mood right now.
Anthony Martinez: You know what I mean, but without it without it. I'm in a terrible mood and don't want to sometimes get in the shower.
Anthony Martinez: So I think since that I, you know, just things in this taking things from stores is gotta stop.
Anthony Martinez: It's got to stop.
Anthony Martinez: And the scared me. Not that I've been
Anthony Martinez: This coming close to get, you know, I'm going to get arrested.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm not gonna be good.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, that's why I'm that's the main reason I think why I'm talking to you is, I gotta stop doing that. I really do. And I need to figure a way how to quit doing that.
Anthony Martinez: It's not like well stop that I'm don't have the money to buy it. I have the money to buy it but my thinking is, I could save money. If I don't buy it.
Anthony Martinez: You know what I'm saying.
Anthony Martinez: And I, it's just not. I need to stop.
Anthony Martinez: And I don't know if, what if, you know, talking to you about it. At least I don't know if it's gonna help
Anthony Martinez: But it needs to stop for get arrested.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if you play that tape forward and think about it in the short run, you might save money, but it's inevitable that you will get caught eventually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of course, and it's going to cost you triple the amount of
Money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly.
Anthony Martinez: Exactly, exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They'll know you're actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Saving money if you don't do it in the long run.
Anthony Martinez: You're right, you're right, because there is a big bucks to get a you know a lawyer.
Anthony Martinez: Plus they make you pay courts will find a big time.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Court finds there's restitution. There is if you get put on probation. There's probation fees. I mean, all of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Turns out to be 10 times bigger than your original yeah and the original money you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think you're going to save
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so really it's about changing that thought process, you know, inside your head when you start thinking that you're going to save money, play the tape forward and realize that you're gonna you're actually putting yourself at risk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be paying a heck of a lot more money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're caught
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know exactly, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you don't have. If you're not on probation right now or you don't have any legal issues that surely they can you know when you play the tape forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And think about it all the way to the end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're running W. Some of the things that you like to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are fun that you could get engaged with that would help you with your boredom.
Anthony Martinez: A lot of things, but I don't get out. I don't
Anthony Martinez: Like to work around the house.
Anthony Martinez: You mean going places. No, I don't. I don't want to know. I don't go anywhere. I just have so many things to do around the house. I like I like working outside of my house.
Anthony Martinez: I don't like going to concerts or anything anymore.
Anthony Martinez: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about like support groups.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, like what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, I don't know what would be something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: would interest you to be able to get engaged in
Anthony Martinez: Court
Anthony Martinez: Oh yeah, what's the support group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support Group is like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you've got a you've got you've got
Anthony Martinez: I think about that.
Anthony Martinez: I've been thinking about going to a meeting.
Anthony Martinez: That would at least get me some socialization, you know,
Anthony Martinez: I need socialization. I think I need to because I had some when I used to go to work I had people to talk to
Anthony Martinez: You know, it kept me busy.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, support groups probably
Anthony Martinez: Something that I could
Anthony Martinez: Get involved with
Anthony Martinez: Yeah I don't know which one though. I just the Heron, I live in Stockton.
Anthony Martinez: Are probably like to go out of town, probably you know my nearby like Lodi or, you know, some place near stock and I don't like to be in stock and because I might run into somebody I know.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I'd rather do it out of town like in Lodi or something. Yeah, I need to look up for support group. I don't know what support group there is though day
Anthony Martinez: I don't drink no more. So I mean, but I still need to
Anthony Martinez: You know, catch it. You know, it's good to be proactive with the
Anthony Martinez: With my biases, you know, and
Anthony Martinez: Before you know before like right now. I'm not in trouble.
Anthony Martinez: But
Anthony Martinez: Usually when I'm in trouble. It's too late. And then you want to go to support groups. I want to catch it before it happened, you know, before that happens. So I wanted proactive.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I need to look for a support group that's probably number one the support group A, you know, they talk about alcoholism, but I don't drink, though no more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They also talk about the compulsion of it and when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you're bored and you don't have anything to do and your mind goes to go in and and convincing you to, you know, go to the store and something, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to get some other things going on inside your head to get you off of that so that you don't turn out to get up into a bunch of trouble. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and and just because you're not actively drinking doesn't mean that you wouldn't benefit from going to some kind of support, support groups and developing, you know, a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support System and getting engaged and and there are there's service work. There's all kinds of things that you can do. You know, in that realm that can help you stay out of your head people you can talk to you know on and all of that will help you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay out of your head when when your thoughts start going towards
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: doing those things.
Anthony Martinez: Exactly. I just need to look for the right one, you know,
Anthony Martinez: I don't know where they have. I have. I have to start here in my town.
Or in Lodi
Anthony Martinez: I guess I look for a meetings on the computer, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. And, you know, if you don't want to leave. There's also online meetings that you can go to
Anthony Martinez: Oh really,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: Like I'm talking, you know, like I'm talking to you right now.
Anthony Martinez: Uh huh. Oh really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. And you just put in your search bar online self help groups and you'll get a whole list of different ones that you can engage in. Well, just like we are right now and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's something that you can do while you're at home and you're not wanting to go out and but yet, you're still having those thoughts, you know, you can get engaged with that as well.
Anthony Martinez: Right.
Anthony Martinez: I used to go to the meeting. I used to have those groups with the bright heart but my insurance won't cover.
Anthony Martinez: So yeah, so I only see them once a month, I only go to bright, bright heart. Well, not I don't go, but on the phone. I see bright heart once a month, because I have to pay out of pocket. I couldn't afford to go for it four times in a month.
Anthony Martinez: Right, my, my insurance you I guess used to cover it. I don't know. It just my insurance don't cover it. So they told me
Anthony Martinez: That at least since I'm paying out of pocket. I do once once a month on March 10 I talked to them again. So they used to help. I used to go there every Thursday.
Anthony Martinez: With bright heart with their therapists.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Anthony Martinez: They I used to talk to
Anthony Martinez: I forget the person's name Dr. Jackson and
Anthony Martinez: Forget the other doctor but we used to have meetings with them about 10 people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Anthony Martinez: But they cut me off because insurance don't pay for it. My, my Medicare and my
Anthony Martinez: Blue Cross cover.
Anthony Martinez: I don't know why, but it don't it covers a lot of other things like it covers this meeting with you right now, but it won't cover. I don't. I have no idea why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: insurances are strange and they definitely are changing every day on what they're willing to cover on what they're not willing to cover, but the great part about is if you get engaged with eight. It's free.
Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, but sometimes as some pretty raunchy people those meetings, you know, but
Anthony Martinez: That's why I want to go to a different town. I know I've heard of other people say they used to make drug connections going to in a meeting. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're gonna you're gonna find definitely all types all walks of life, but it's about who you socialize with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally.
Anthony Martinez: Alright guys a little better town stock and so that's why I'm saying it. I think it'd be better for one to Lodi
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good idea. So there's a game plan for you to do for the widows get engaged with meeting. So find some go to a couple find out which one you like the most and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, start engaging in it to help you get out of your house. Have you get out of your head and help you get away from you know the compulsive behaviors that you're
Anthony Martinez: Using
Anthony Martinez: And definitely compulsive behavior. I don't know what makes me do that, you know, after I stopped drinking and
Anthony Martinez: Then
Anthony Martinez: You know, quit saying people. And after I retired this this kleptomaniac thing just popped up. I have nine. It's like, I don't know what it is like a thrill.
Anthony Martinez: To know you you conquered, you got it without paying for it. That's a weird
Anthony Martinez: I don't know. It only lasts for about a day and it's over the next day, you know, to me,
Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: It's just a weird thing you know and and I just want to catch it before I get in trouble.
Anthony Martinez: definitely got to do something about it and and as a support group is what I got it.
Anthony Martinez: Again involved with. So it will instead of because idle time. I can't think of nothing to do but go to a store and look and start looking around like a Home Depot or Lowes, and I want to start looking for things for the house and that's when it pops in my mind to take it.
Anthony Martinez: You know, and I can't do that. No more.
Anthony Martinez: So instead of going to the store. I can go to, with support group right
Anthony Martinez: That's at least two hours out of, out of my day there, you know,
Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I think I'll do that, you know,
Anthony Martinez: But
Anthony Martinez: For some reason, I just haven't looked on the computer lately to find a
Anthony Martinez: Group. What town are you in right now.
Sacramento.
Anthony Martinez: Oh, sad sack hasn't worked in Sacramento. For what 20 years
Anthony Martinez: Oh, nice. Yeah, I used to commute for many, many years going to sac.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did you do
Anthony Martinez: I worked as a counselor for the state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, in what area.
Anthony Martinez: Rehabilitation
Anthony Martinez: Department of Rehabilitation
Anthony Martinez: Oh, nice. Yeah, I don't even like to talk about it because it's embarrassing.
Right.
Anthony Martinez: Now what I'm doing. Then my profession. You know, it's embarrassing, you know, but
Anthony Martinez: When I worked at the colleges as well, you know, Community College.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can go back in and volunteer at the college a little bit
Anthony Martinez: Maybe, maybe I probably could.
Anthony Martinez: I don't know if they, what kind of volunteer work, I would do at the colleges. I don't even know if they accept volunteer work there.
Anthony Martinez: They
Anthony Martinez: Don't
Anthony Martinez: I don't think so.
Anthony Martinez: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you
Anthony Martinez: To me.
Anthony Martinez: College.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Anthony Martinez: college counseling.
Students
Anthony Martinez: Students
Anthony Martinez: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you mean as far as, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mental health or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No helping him get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get started. Okay, recording. Okay, all right, I got you.
Anthony Martinez: We
Anthony Martinez: Have a master's degree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so in a master's degree in what
Anthony Martinez: In counseling.
Anthony Martinez: school counseling.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're familiar with a lot of the tools that you need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Control these things that are going on inside your head right
Anthony Martinez: Supposing Leah. Yeah, so I don't like to talk about it because it's embarrassing. You know, sometimes I don't even like to talk about what I did or my my college. I don't like to talk about. But I you know I let you know. But I don't like to talk about it because
Anthony Martinez: Because if people I don't want people to know my education because I saw because then they're gonna say, well, you, you got an education. I can be doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's not about the education. It's about the tools for me. You know, I want to know what kind of tools. Have you learned so that we can pull them back up and you can start utilizing them in your own life.
Anthony Martinez: So I'm very familiar with all counseling techniques and and I know I can even analyze myself so I know exactly
Anthony Martinez: What's, what's wrong with me, it's and it's boredom idle time getting older, it doesn't make me feel good, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And right now, you should be living the, you know, you're the best life ever. You know what I mean. You should be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: go fishing. If you want to go fishing. Go and do things that go golfing if you like to golf, you should be hanging out, playing chess doing things with you know with other people and just being able to live right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that our society is went from working to live to live to working and you know you have this opportunity to actually be able to live, live when he'd help
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I don't like any of those things you mentioned, you know, but there's some other things I could do, you know,
Anthony Martinez: I don't like golfing
Anthony Martinez: I don't like fishing.
Anthony Martinez: So that's what gets me in trouble. That's what gets me in trouble because I should like those things and but I'm not interested in in that time.
Anthony Martinez: I'm not interested in any of those things. But I'm interested in and and just socializing and talking to people talking about politics and things like that. I get involved with all those things.
Anthony Martinez: I think, you know, it's just that when you find yourself alone when you get old, you find yourself alone and you can't think of things to do, you know,
Anthony Martinez: Yeah. Or you can think of things to do but you don't do it. You don't do it. It's just
Anthony Martinez: With something, you know, you got to do it.
Anthony Martinez: I can't just I'm locked up in my house, not knowing what to do.
Anthony Martinez: You know, besides cleaning my house and I gets boring.
Anthony Martinez: Clean the outside of it. You know, I can't just do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the rest of my life. I gotta
Anthony Martinez: Get out socialize. I'm not socializing at all zero.
Anthony Martinez: And that's what's causing all this. That's what's causing these terrible thoughts, you know,
Anthony Martinez: And
Anthony Martinez: I'm trying to catch it before something happens is all I'm doing today. That's why I guess that's why I'm talking to you. So I can catch it before something bad happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, when it's a perfect time
Anthony Martinez: You know, definitely. Right.
Anthony Martinez: I could be talking to you and I could have got arrested and
Anthony Martinez: I don't want to
Anthony Martinez: Be in that predicament Cochon de about I got in trouble, you know. So it's better than I'm proactive.
He
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely better
Anthony Martinez: And so I will, I will look into a support group.
Anthony Martinez: And I don't know, just other things.
Anthony Martinez: In my life is
Anthony Martinez: Kind of it's kind of boring really
Anthony Martinez: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that you get yourself intertwined in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a support system so that you have, you know, connecting with with other people, you'll be able to go out for coffee or tea with somebody, you'll be able to engage in different picnics and different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, other events that give you that socialization piece that you're lacking right now and keep you out of your head, you know,
Anthony Martinez: Exactly.
Anthony Martinez: So that's your
Okay.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I'll do it.
Anthony Martinez: I mean I'll look. We'll see what you know where they're at the meetings.
Anthony Martinez: You know, see what happens. A or na
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Anthony Martinez: In a meeting or appropriate for me but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either which which whichever whichever one you know
Go to both
Anthony Martinez: Of them if they if they have a problem. You know, I guess they still have meetings. Right.
Anthony Martinez: All the time. Right.
Mm hmm.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I'll see what I can do.
Anthony Martinez: Even
Anthony Martinez: You know, Sacramento is
Anthony Martinez: Unfamiliar Sacramento quite a bit more than the stock really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So getting so you can even venture out to Sacramento and see what you can come up with. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's definitely support groups everywhere all the time you know at anytime I'm sure that you can find something when when you need it to be able to engage in, you know, to get you out and get you socializing with other people, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say, you can't go to your group anymore through bright heart because insurance won't pay it.
Anthony Martinez: I used to get I want every Thursday and they just cut you off this though. You can't even go but you have to pay out of pocket, you know,
Anthony Martinez: And I can't afford that, you know,
Anthony Martinez: Everything's about money, you know that right
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, they don't care about your mental how this is all about money. And if you ain't got the money insurance doesn't cover us while we got a good job. Stab on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's ridiculous.
Anthony Martinez: That's the way life is, even if it's just it's just with illnesses, the same thing, you know, your health, you know, they don't care how if you're dying, you know if your insurance don't cover. Sorry.
Anthony Martinez: That's the way it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really is. It's just a tragedy, you know,
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, well, like that's the same thing with the, you know, they talk about insurance for everybody, which is should be a right you know
Anthony Martinez: Instead of a luxury you know they they figure if you don't work well. You can have insurance, you should have went to work, you know, you'd have insurance, you don't have, you know, that's what all these politicians talk about right.
Anthony Martinez: So, right. And I think that's true, you know,
Anthony Martinez: They should have insurance right everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it should be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: More readily available and affordable.
Anthony Martinez: I mean, you know, it's just
Anthony Martinez: I don't
Anthony Martinez: I guess I'm fortunate that I have insurance, but what little it covers
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's definitely a problem. It's a problem for a lot of people, you know,
I'm looking at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were saying, looking for support groups in what area.
Lodi
Anthony Martinez: mantega
Anthony Martinez: Mostly Lodi because I live close to Lodi
Anthony Martinez: I live in North Stockton.
Anthony Martinez: Right off hammer lane.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a whole bunch of there is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support groups for codependency for emotions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Marijuana for alcohol for substance abuse food.
Anthony Martinez: What did you Google it, or what
Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: What you Google just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support groups and Lodi California
Anthony Martinez: Oh, okay. And that pops up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see grief grief recovery.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, that's true, that's another issue. My mom passed away four years old, almost four years now so I'm the it shouldn't be great. And ever since she passed away that things got bad because
Anthony Martinez: I lost my mom and she was my rock, so to speak. So I lost my rock meaning. My mom was my everything you know my counselor everything
Anthony Martinez: Yeah. Cuz I'm the youngest in the family.
Anthony Martinez: I was spoiled rotten. Then I lost her and wow
Anthony Martinez: everything just fell apart for me.
Everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry that
Anthony Martinez: That's a
Anthony Martinez: tough road. Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: So I forgot to mention that to you. But that's another reason why things got bad, too bad. I lost my mom and I'd sit here. We've talked my house. She lives with me.
Anthony Martinez: And I never Oh no she kept me see kept me steady
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: And without her.
Anthony Martinez: I got no discipline. There's nobody here to discipline. I needed somebody here that
Anthony Martinez: I need, I need structure and without structure. I'm screwed because i i'm not a structured person.
Anthony Martinez: Ryan was
Anthony Martinez: Was structure. My mom pretty much was my structure coach.
Anthony Martinez: And she kept me she kept me straight
Anthony Martinez: And when she passed away was just on my god
Anthony Martinez: Just everything fell apart. And that was the one that was in 2016 and you got to go on with life, you know, she wouldn't want me to be doing this. No way.
Anthony Martinez: So you know I think about her all the time. And I said, you know,
Anthony Martinez: Myself talks to her.
Anthony Martinez: You know, as I talked to her, you know, I do I go to your grave side and tell her you know what I need to stop. Mom, you know, I tell you know it sounds crazy, but I do. And I'm sure a lot of people do it talk to their gray side partner or relative I do it all the time armor drop
Anthony Martinez: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's good.
Anthony Martinez: I talked to her all the time.
Anthony Martinez: And
Anthony Martinez: She would probably tell me the same thing. You're telling me get involved with the community to get involved with a group, she said. But don't get involved with your friends. That's what she said.
Anthony Martinez: I am I, when I grew up as a kid I had
Anthony Martinez: I had friends that were just all alcoholics is what it was.
Anthony Martinez: All they did was DRINK, DRINK, DRINK, DRINK at the bar. And that's why, that's why don't have any friends because I
Anthony Martinez: Because I'm not in order to to socialize them you have to go to a bar and drink with them. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: They don't know how to
Anthony Martinez: That having their problems to right now at home.
Anthony Martinez: I'm sure a lot of them are trying to do what I'm doing, which I stopped drinking and they know they always, you know, I know they're interested in stopping drinking and I think some of them have so they talk behind my bag. You know, Anthony by think he's too good.
Anthony Martinez: Hey, quit drinking on but that's exactly what they're doing right now because one of them got put in jail for a lot a year, one year in jail for this fifth DUI.
Fifth,
Anthony Martinez: And
Anthony Martinez: I'm sure they're they're doing exactly what I'm doing right now looking for things to do. So they they could stop drinking. But you know, I, I've conquered that I think
Anthony Martinez: I think I don't I don't even have the urge to drink alcohol.
Anthony Martinez: I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, the motivation that you're on helps with all of that to you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really Uh huh.
Anthony Martinez: Yes. What is the morphine is
Anthony Martinez: The opiate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Derivative it's Suboxone
Anthony Martinez: And what is it is it is it an opiate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it is an opiate based
Anthony Martinez: Not a strong
Anthony Martinez: But not strong. It's not strong. I don't feel no
Anthony Martinez: I don't feel happy with it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Anthony Martinez: When Norco made me feel happy.
Anthony Martinez: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: It made me
Anthony Martinez: Want to do things.
Anthony Martinez: And I mean good things that made me want to
Anthony Martinez: Get involved with the projects around the house.
Anthony Martinez: And when I quit taking it. It's like, oh my god, that was what is the don't pep in my step at all without it.
Anthony Martinez: With it. I have a lot of pep in my step. You've heard of that. I'll say no pep in my step right
Anthony Martinez: Yeah. Well, that's exactly how I feel. Without it,
Anthony Martinez: You know, those are the side effects. That's why they give you this this Suboxone
Anthony Martinez: It helps with those feelings that helps not what it helps with the side effects from withdrawing right
Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: No, I'm sorry. We know why take it. Sometimes I forget, take it. So it's not that good. I forget to take it.
Anthony Martinez: I don't even know. I don't feel anything. Nothing.
Anthony Martinez: It doesn't help with the pain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure, sure. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. Have you told the doctor.
Anthony Martinez: That you're still having
Pain. Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: Me increased it still don't do anything.
Anthony Martinez: Everybody knows that. I mean, the narco help
Anthony Martinez: People, but I'm not, you know, I guess they even heroin addicts even take this right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Anthony Martinez: I don't know why.
Anthony Martinez: These the, I think they used to take methadone, years ago, right, yeah.
Anthony Martinez: They don't take them. They don't give methadone, no more. I don't think today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's Methadone clinics.
Anthony Martinez: As far as probably stronger than then Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that everybody has a different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Experience, you know, with it. And the idea is to cover those receptors that the opioids attached to so that you don't detox and limit your cravings for the opiates.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, is really what Suboxone does and it helps with pain, you know, definitely. There's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hundreds of people in pain management.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Program that are on this medication that is helping with their, you know, pain management so
Anthony Martinez: All the complaint and the meanings was one girl was just in tears saying that this doesn't help me. And she was really Amin
Anthony Martinez: Crying and she wanted back on Norco you know it's like this doesn't help me and making me nuts sleep and I can't you know I'm blah, blah, blah. Basically saying I it's not it's not the same market what she was crying about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's not. It's definitely not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know this is kind of the alternative of what we have. And so, you know, unfortunately.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Norco isn't something that's readily available. And so there's got to be alternative you know means and methods to help people with their issues, you know,
Anthony Martinez: I, I didn't even ask for Norco what had happened back many years ago back in, though, I guess.
Anthony Martinez: Night in the 90s, is how it got put I got put on it by my neurosurgeon.
Anthony Martinez: And my back pain was pretty strong. I was saying, My back is hurting
Anthony Martinez: And all of a sudden he described
Anthony Martinez: It was by, couldn't he prescribed me bike it in. So I started taking Vicodin
Anthony Martinez: And then my data Norco they switched it to Norco. I don't know why.
Anthony Martinez: I don't even know the difference between Norco and biker didn't the bike good dens a little bit better than narco
Anthony Martinez: And anyway.
Anthony Martinez: That's how I got put on it. I didn't even know anything about that. And I, I took it and me know nothing was no big thing and the pain was manageable and then for you know it within a year, six months, I started
Anthony Martinez: Knowing I started
Anthony Martinez: Feeling good, you know, with this came with this Vika in our car started filling. Wow. You know, it's making me
Anthony Martinez: Happy it's making it pretty pep in my step but it took a while for me to realize
Anthony Martinez: What this was in this this opiate was doing to me, but I didn't know it at first and then for you know what it was like I had to have it. You know, I didn't
Anthony Martinez: Make it
Anthony Martinez: The doctors put me on it.
Anthony Martinez: You know, not I had no idea. So the doctors are the ones that got me addicted to it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. Good.
Anthony Martinez: They're the ones that gave it to me. I had, I didn't ask for it.
Anthony Martinez: I didn't have. I did not ask for it.
Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: But it was
Anthony Martinez: Back in the night.
Anthony Martinez: Back in the 90s, they didn't care with a prescription. They just filled it for you right now that now they will not even prescribe it. I mean, if your doctor.
Anthony Martinez: This, for instance, my Dennis. I had a bad episode. Some my to to prescribe Norco. And they said, no, you can't have it. They wouldn't even feel it my prescription
Anthony Martinez: You know what I'm saying.
Anthony Martinez: They said, No, I'm black bald from it up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, I'm blackballed they say you can't take. I said why the doctor prescribed this and so it's, there's a in my history with it with a with a pharmacist, they got an asterisk by my name, if you know what I mean, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: That you can't take it.
Anthony Martinez: That's terrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the game plan is that you're going to look for support groups and start getting out and engaging in support groups, instead of going to the store.
Anthony Martinez: Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And when are you wanting to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you wanting to come back and check back in with me.
Anthony Martinez: And I
Will Yeah.
Anthony Martinez: Yeah. Couple of weeks and then so that way I can possibly attend a meeting before then. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see. I'm gonna look at my schedule and get you put on
Anthony Martinez: This is what march what fourth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So how about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The 18th
Anthony Martinez: Would there's a
Anthony Martinez: It's a Wednesday. Okay. Can you make it later though.
Anthony Martinez: I'm not a born in person at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see what I got a hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about. Let me see 1131 o'clock on the 18th
Anthony Martinez: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so you're going to come back, you're going to go check out some support groups and you're going to come back to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the 18th and tell me how it went, and really work on not going into the stores.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Without a list of things that you need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To buy right because that's a piece of it too is just kind of all right when you need to go to the store just writing a list and going in specifically for the things that you need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Anthony Martinez: Yeah, right now, actually, him being I shouldn't even be in a Home Depot, Lowes, I have no business being there.
Anthony Martinez: Now, gross. I don't still groceries. I mean, I paid for my my food, but
Anthony Martinez: I have no problems doing that.
Anthony Martinez: But it's the other things that I i ball like anything at Home Depot or Lowes, that's not good for me.
Anthony Martinez: So,
Anthony Martinez: Okay. All right. I want stay away. Stay away from the stores.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And start engaging in support groups, find some
Anthony Martinez: Run and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when we meet in two weeks. You're going to tell me all about the support groups that you've engaged in. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Good evening.
Anthony Martinez: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will see you in two weeks on the 18th at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One o'clock. Right. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Anthony Martinez: Bye bye.
Bye.